Archery Proficiencies and Proficiency Bonus Infrastructure (#50064)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/PROFICIENCY.md

```JSON
{

> "type": "proficiency",
> "id": "prof_bow_master",
> "name": { "str": "Master Archer's Form" },
> "description": "You are a master at the art of Archery.",
> "can_learn": true,
> "time_to_learn": "20 h",
> "default_time_multiplier": 1.5,
> "default_fail_multiplier": 1.2,
> "required_proficiencies": [ "prof_bow_expert" ],
> "category": "Archery",
> "str_bonus": 1

Reviewer: Please keep the JSON vaguely formatted.
```suggestion
  "type": "proficiency",
  "id": "prof_bow_master",
  "name": { "str": "Master Archer's Form" },
  "description": "You are a master at the art of Archery.",
  "can_learn": true,
  "time_to_learn": "20 h",
  "default_time_multiplier": 1.5,
  "default_fail_multiplier": 1.2,
  "required_proficiencies": [ "prof_bow_expert" ],
  "category": "Archery",
  "str_bonus": 1
```

### `required_proficiencies`
Optional. Array of strings  
The proficiencies that must be obtained before this one can.  You cannot gain experience in a proficiency without the necessary prerequisites.

### `bonuses`

> Optional. Array of objects
> This member is used to apply bonuses to certain activities given the player has a particular proficiency. The bonuses applied must be hardcoded to the activity in question.
> A type, and value must be specified preceded by a key. Current valid types are strength, dexterity, intelligence, and perception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional. Object, with an array of object as values
This member is used to apply bonuses to certain activities given the player has a particular proficiency. The bonuses applied must be hardcoded to the activity in question.
The keys of the object correspond to what bonuses are - e.g. the `archery` key marks bonuses used for `archery`.
The general format is: `"key": [ { "type": "string", "value": float } ]`.

The values of the keys are an array of objects constructed as so:

#### `type`
Mandatory. String
Where this bonus applies. Valid values are `"strength"`, `"dexterity"`, `"intelligence"`, `"perception"`.

#### `value`
Mandatory. Float
What the bonus is. This can be any numeric value representable as a floating point number.
Values of the same type from all available proficiencies are summed together to produce the final bonus for a proficiency.

```
